[Music]
and today we are going to reuse cans and we
let's get in shape by doing these
dumbbells or weights to exercise
and tone our arms so
do not miss this tutorial we started
[Applause]
we are going to take one of our cans
and we're going to start making a mix with
cast
and a little water
[Music]
you have to go adding a little bit
so that you are not going to happen
[Music]
it has to be the mixture until full
the whole can then you have to go
adding more plaster and more water since
is almost full
you're going to start putting stones
[Music]
and the stick also this stick is a great
Broomstick that broke and cut it
very easy with a hacksaw
[Music]
I have the stick in the center now yes
place the stones well around
that is well fixed
now you have to let it dry
[Music]
and that the first part of
our dumbbell we will do the same
what we did with the first
[Music]
you have to make the mixture with plaster and water
now we are going to expose the stick of our
side in the middle and we're going to fill in
stones
and you're also going to have to let it dry
very good since it has dried your
dumbbell is going to stay like that so you do not
it looks ugly we are going to cover it
I'm going to stop it with a piece of foami
this was my have an apparent as of
towel and you can erase it with what
want
I'm going to mark four circles first
I will mark them on a background sheet and
I'm going to cut them
[Music]
now let's take a leaf of ate
eva rubber
we're going to fold it in half and we're going
shorten
[Music]
and we're just going to paste it
and we are going to cut the excess
and the circle we're going to stick it on
top part
[Music]
[Applause]
now the circle wanted in the part of
in
let's make it to a cut
a circle
more or less
[Music]
and a cut
you have to take all the excess
first so you can paste it well
and you are going to paste it
do not
[Music]
and finally what we are going to do is that
we are going to put our adhesive tape
decorated on the stick so it is not so
but you can also paint it
[Music]
and here will be your dumbbells its
recycled weights to tone up
our arms
they weigh approximately 2 kilos
I'm sorry
maybe a kilo and a half do not I do not know what
I know with this attitude but according to what
want you to weigh is the size of the
can not you use?
we want to put something like this or good at
better many places
but in reality there is this kind of
Dumbbells are more like for girls
that we want to tone the arms and if
You are a boy, obviously you can
make a lot heavier with
much bigger cans
I hope you liked this
tutorial
do not forget to subscribe to the channel so that
do not miss the next videos